# AzureOpenAI.Model.ChatCompletionsRequestCommon

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Temperature** | **decimal?** | What sampling temperature to use, between 0 and 2. Higher values like 0.8 will make the output more random, while lower values like 0.2 will make it more focused and deterministic. We generally recommend altering this or &#x60;top_p&#x60; but not both. | [optional] [default to 1M]
**TopP** | **decimal?** | An alternative to sampling with temperature, called nucleus sampling, where the model considers the results of the tokens with top_p probability mass. So 0.1 means only the tokens comprising the top 10% probability mass are considered. We generally recommend altering this or &#x60;temperature&#x60; but not both. | [optional] [default to 1M]
**Stream** | **bool?** | If set, partial message deltas will be sent, like in ChatGPT. Tokens will be sent as data-only server-sent events as they become available, with the stream terminated by a &#x60;data: [DONE]&#x60; message. | [optional] [default to false]
**Stop** | [**ChatCompletionsRequestCommonStop**](ChatCompletionsRequestCommonStop.md) |  | [optional] 
**MaxTokens** | **int** | The maximum number of tokens allowed for the generated answer. By default, the number of tokens the model can return will be (4096 - prompt tokens). | [optional] [default to 4096]
**PresencePenalty** | **decimal** | Number between -2.0 and 2.0. Positive values penalize new tokens based on whether they appear in the text so far, increasing the model&#39;s likelihood to talk about new topics. | [optional] [default to 0M]
**FrequencyPenalty** | **decimal** | Number between -2.0 and 2.0. Positive values penalize new tokens based on their existing frequency in the text so far, decreasing the model&#39;s likelihood to repeat the same line verbatim. | [optional] [default to 0M]
**LogitBias** | **Object** | Modify the likelihood of specified tokens appearing in the completion. Accepts a json object that maps tokens (specified by their token ID in the tokenizer) to an associated bias value from -100 to 100. Mathematically, the bias is added to the logits generated by the model prior to sampling. The exact effect will vary per model, but values between -1 and 1 should decrease or increase likelihood of selection; values like -100 or 100 should result in a ban or exclusive selection of the relevant token. | [optional] 
**User** | **string** | A unique identifier representing your end-user, which can help Azure OpenAI to monitor and detect abuse. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

